hi dear friends today company
jetsam again presents you very
interesting video review and how you already
you see we have such cool models
are on our review table and
today we talk about them but it is not
just toys are not just cars
and even this is not just decorative models
this
typewriters with music features
radio with alarm function is ours what
we are with you now and see is called
they are a mini-speaker, well, let's see
on the example of this model in the form of audi
we'll see what they can do
but in principle in appearance they are here
different there are white and red colors yellow
blue black
here and even different brands I think lovers
machines already choose yourself what you
more like their wheels here
spinning like real toys
thats all we see on but let's get to
functions
they are suitable here we have the remote control
on the trunk is in principle at all
typewriters same thing here we have
button
the network, that is, the inclusion of the column and
also play pause here here to the left of us
button m this menu using the menu we
we can choose different functions in our
column and two keys they are responsible for
turning the channels on the radio and either
tracks like this here below we see
three interfaces here is left here for us
micro sd card later
and yusbi goes on to enter us
responsible for connecting the cable in order
so that the car can be charged
or rather a column here with us
the battery is worth it you see and also
here we are the dynamics here and he answers for
to charge and connect it to
external sources to his
use as external column for those
same smartphones phones and others
turntables but what let's turn on
let's see what we have to do
press the button i think you heard
how impressive are the bases and low
frequencies
This column issued here and I really
I got so much pleasure that she
it didn't just rattle there as usual
produce substandard speakers that's what
we are here let's look through but if we
here we will leaf through what we see here
the alarm clock is blinking now and I don’t know
on camera you can see or not further from us
turn on off so the clock on the menu
push
soul song every morning on the road
radio
which is very convenient and we are on the rear window
up in the typewriter we see the menu using
which we can manage given
column here shows how we
is controlled by the volume using here
these keys
so I pressed it less volume down here
press it over the volume more
last sew sure
but
here you see we have lights
well so for beauty i think it is very
looks interesting let's try
we now put sd cards into it
how it is played sd cards here we are
turned on the card she already plays
let's see how the sound is made from it
but actually the sound is very cool on
really
basses have these speakers they just give out
great bass great sound of course u
them function such that it goes down I go there
there is a reflection of sound but even this
enough just to
get good enjoyment from
listening music therefore we will be happy
see you on our site jess n22
on a visit to our store to acquire and
these speakers and take pleasure in
listening to your favorite music on
this we end with this review
but see you in the following reviews
see you